feat(plugins) allow ACME to accept any domain (#9047)
Kong/kong: CHANGELOG.md

  context (ngx.ctx.authenticated_jwt_token).  Custom plugins which depend on that
  value being set under that name must be updated to use Kong's shared context
  instead (kong.ctx.shared.authenticated_jwt_token) before upgrading to 3.0

> - **ACME**: `allow_any_domain` field added. It is default to false and if set to true, the gateway will
>   not validate host with `domains` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ACME**: `allow_any_domain` field added. It is default to false and if set to true, the plugin will
  not ignore `domains` field.
```
